{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear hiring manager,
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 My name is Darya Petrenko, and I am expressing interest Video Editor position. I am a Ukrainain filmmaker. I currently arrived in Toronto under the CUAET program (Canadian Ukraine Authorization for Emergency Travel). This program grants three-year working permit, after which I hope to apply for citizenship.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 For the past 10 years, I have honed my skills in the filmmaking area. From pre to post-production to hands-on video and audio editing, my career has focused on almost every facet of the filmmaking area
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I worked as 
\f2\b Video Editor
\f0\b0  in Spain, Ukraine, Canada, etc.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 In my work, I use 
\f2\b Final Cut, Adobe Suite (Premier Pro, After Effects, Audition, Photoshop), Logic Pro for audio, DaVinci Resolve for editing & CC, CG.
\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I also took the intensive course \'93Visualisation in 
\f2\b 3D max
\f0\b0 \'94 and started to practice my skills in 3D.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I also used to work as 
\f2\b PA, AD,Sound recordist and boom operator, in Art department, Production Coordinator
\f0\b0  in Ukraine, Spain and Canada. I am looking to continue my professional journey in Canada.\'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Here is my portfolio
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://daryaperelay.filmmpls.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf4 \cb3 \ul \ulc4 http://daryaperelay.filmmpls.com}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Reels
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/stb2V660sTA"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf4 \cb3 \ul \ulc4 https://youtu.be/stb2V660sTA}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/R97btAiLeCY"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf4 \cb3 \ul \ulc4 https://youtu.be/R97btAiLeCY}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I will be happy to join your team!
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Sincerely, 
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Darya.}